Document MCP Configuration Features for Visual Studio and VS Code Extensions (#3144)
telerik/blazor-docs: getting-started/vs-integration/introduction.md

* It enables you to easily install or update your [Telerik license key](slug:installation-license-key).

> * It provides [automated AI configuration](slug:getting-started-vs-integration-ai-configuration) for MCP servers and GitHub Copilot to enhance your development experience with Telerik UI for Blazor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It provides [automated AI tools configuration](slug:getting-started-vs-integration-ai-configuration) for the Telerik MCP server and Telerik extension for GitHub Copilot to enhance your development experience with Telerik UI for Blazor.
```
